[KIDS SPEAKING EXCITEDLY]
LOOK WHO IT IS--
THE GUY WHO GOT
BOOTED FROM THE BLUES.
YOU'RE GOIN' DOWN.
LOOK, KID.
YOU'RE AN OBNOXIOUS
LITTLE PUNK.
AND I CAN
RESPECT THAT.
BUT NO SNOT-NOSED
FRESHMAN
CAN STAND
UP TO THE CHAZZ!
Jaden: WE'RE GONNA BE LATE
FOR THE FIRST OFFICIAL
DUEL OF THE YEAR!
HOW COME I NEVER SEE
YOU RUNNING THIS FAST WHEN
YOU'RE LATE FOR A CLASS?
Alexis: 'CAUSE HE
SAVES HIS ENERGY FOR
SPRINTING OUT OF CLASS.
[CROWD CHEERS]
BONJOUR!
I'M SURE BY NOW
YOU ALL KNOW MOI!
WHO'S THE SHORT,
FAT, BALD GUY?
FOR THOSE WHO DON'T,
I'M YOUR VICE-CHANCELLOR,
JEAN LOUIS BONAPARTE.
BUT ENOUGH ABOUT ME.
THIS IS ABOUT HIM--
FORMER OBELISK BLUE
STUDENT CHAZZ PRINCETON!
IF HE WINS, HE GOES BACK
TO THE BLUE DORM!
TRUST ME; THIS IS A DUEL
YOU DON'T WANNA MISS!
♪ CHILLING OUT WITH
YOUR CREW IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT CLASS,
THEY NEVER TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS YOU GOTTA
LEARN HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES, HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM ON
TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GENERATION NEXT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE
AND WIN THIS FIGHT ♪
♪ WE'LL MAKE THE GRADE SOMEHOW ♪
♪ YEAH, YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON, YOU BETTER
PLAY YOUR CARDS RIGHT ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET YOUR GAME ON ♪
Jaden: DID YOU
GUYS HEAR THAT?
IF CHAZZ WINS THIS DUEL,
HE GETS A FREE PASS
BACK TO OBELISK BLUE!
YEAH, BUT IF YOU ASKED ME,
THAT SHOULD HAVE BEEN YOU.
WHAT BOOB WOULD PICK CHAZZ?
THIS BOOB!
DR. CROWLER!
IT'S CHANCELLOR CROWLER NOW!
AND THERE'S A REASON I
CHOSE CHAZZ FOR THIS DUEL.
QUITE A BRILLIANT
REASON, IN FACT.
SOMEHOW I
DOUBT THAT.
WHAT WAS THAT?
DO YOU SLACKERS KNOW WHO JOINED
THIS YEAR'S FRESHMAN CLASS?
DUELIST LEAGUE ALL-STAR
ASTER PHOENIX!
HE ENROLLED HERE?
AS A STUDENT!
SO WHERE IS HE?
WELL, THAT'S JUST IT!
FOR SOME REASON,
HE NEVER SHOWED UP!
[SOBBING]
HE LOVES DUEL ACADEMY.
HE LOVES US NOT.
HE LOVES US--
I'VE BEEN LOOKING
EVERYWHERE FOR YOU!
I NEEDED SOME
"ME" TIME. IS THAT
ALL RIGHT WITH YOU?
WHY? SO YOU
CAN TORTURE FLOWERS?
NO. SO
I CAN DEAL WITH
THE ASTER DEBACLE!
WHAT DID I DO TO
MAKE HIM HATE US?
HE HATES OUR SCHOOL.
HE HATES US NOT.
HE HATES US.
IT'S ME!
I'VE DRIVEN HIM AWAY!
OH, WELL, THERE'S NO SENSE
DWELLING IN THE PAST.
WE CAN'T FIND A STAR.
SO WE'LL HAVE
TO CREATE ONE!
AND CHAZZ PRINCETON
IS THE PERFECT CANDIDATE
TO LAUNCH DUEL ACADEMY
INTO THE SPOTLIGHT.
HE CAN'T BE THE FACE
OF OUR SCHOOL!
HE'S A SLIFER RED
FOR PETE'S SAKE!
NOT FOR LONG.
THIS DUEL WILL BE HIS CHANCE
TO RETURN TO GLORY.
IT'S CALLED "MARKETING."
LOOK IT UP!
YOU SEE, CROWDS WILL COME
RUSHING TO SEE
IF CHAZZ
STILL HAS WHAT IT TAKES.
Alexis: THAT'S THE MOST
SELFISH, EGOTISTICAL
THING I'VE EVER HEARD.
THANK YOU!
Bonaparte:
GIVE A BIG DUEL ACADEMY
WELCOME TO OUR CHALLENGER!
HE'S OUR TOP-RANKING
FRESHMAN!
SO GIVE IT UP
FOR MR. REGINALD
VAN HOWELL III!
COME ON,
REGGIE!
DO IT!
NICE NAME!
YOU GO, BOY!
THIS REGINALD KID MUST BE
A PRETTY GOOD DUELIST.
IT'S HIS FIRST YEAR
AT THIS PLACE.
AND HE'S ALREADY
IN OBELISK BLUE.
NO JOKE. HE'S
JUST LIKE CHAZZ,
WELL, BEFORE
HE BECAME
A HAS-BEEN.
Crowler, thinking:
THE WHOLE SCHOOL IS ABUZZ.
NOW ALL I NEED IS
FOR CHAZZ TO WIN.
THEN HIS FAMILY'S FAME
AND POCKETBOOK
WILL MAKE ME CHANCELLOR
OF THE MOST POWERFUL
PREP SCHOOL ON EARTH.
ALL RIGHT. YOU KNOW
THE DRILL.
NO DIRECT ATTACKS
BELOW THE BELT.
BUT TRASH-TALK
IS ENCOURAGED.
THEN ALLOW ME TO KICK
OFF THE INSULTS!
YOU'RE A NASTY,
STUCK-UP SNOB!
AND NO ONE HERE
LIKES YOU!
I'M WAITING FOR
THE INSULT.
MAYBE YOU HAVEN'T
PICKED UP ON THIS
YET, LITTLE REGGIE!
BUT I DO THINGS
MY WAY.
AND I DIDN'T COME
HERE TO WIN ANY
POPULARITY CONTESTS!
TELL US SOMETHING
WE DON'T KNOW!
YEAH, CHAZZ. I
DIDN'T TAKE ALL
THOSE NOOGIES
AND PURPLE
NURPLES
AS A SIGN
OF FRIENDSHIP.
ALL RIGHT. LET'S
GET ON WITH THIS.
TALK IS CHEAP.
AND UNLIKE YOU...
I DON'T DO "CHEAP."
Bonaparte: NOW THAT
THE INSULTS HAVE BEEN HURLED,
LET'S HURL SOME CARDS!
Together: SOUNDS GOOD!
I'LL KICK THIS
THING OFF WITH MY
MARAUDING CAPTAIN!
AND NOW THAT HE'S
ON THE FIELD,
I CAN SUMMON YET
ANOTHER MONSTER--
WARRIOR LADY
OF THE WASTELAND.
CAN I YAWN YET
OR DO YOU HAVE
SOME MORE
LAME CARDS?
PLEASE TELL ME
YOU'RE DONE.
NOT BY A LONG SHOT,
CHAZZY! CHECK THIS OUT!
I ACTIVATE
MY JEWEL SWORD
AND ADD IT TO
MY MARAUDING CAPTAIN!
BUT THAT'S NOT
MY ONLY UPGRADE.
NEXT I'LL BOOST
MY WARRIOR LADY
WITH DIVINE SWORD
PHOENIX BLADE!
NOT BAD!
HE'S REALLY
GIVING CHAZZ
A RUN FOR HIS
MONEY, GUYS!
YEAH, AND CHAZZ HAS
A TON OF CASH!
I'LL THROW THIS DOWN
AND CALL IT A TURN.
NOW, LOOKS LIKE
YOU'RE UP, CHAZZ-BALL.
THINK YOU HAVE
WHAT IT TAKES?
RUMOR HAS IT YOU
OWN THE BEST DECK
MONEY CAN BUY.
NOW LET'S SEE IF IT
WAS WORTH IT!
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
AFRAID ALL THIS
TIME AS A SLIFER
TURNED YOU
INTO A SLACKER?
THAT BLACK GETUP
DOESN'T FOOL ME.
YOU'RE A REDCOAT, CHAZZY!
DO YOU EVER SHUT UP?
THIS SHOULD HELP.
I PLAY...
X-HEAD CANNON!
NOW TRY
THIS ON FOR SIZE!
MY GRACEFUL CHARITY
SPELL CARD!
THIS LETS ME DRAW
THREE NEW CARDS AS
LONG AS I DITCH TWO.
I'LL START BY
TOSSING MY CHTHONIAN
POLYMER TRAP CARD!
THEN I'LL DUMP
OJAMAGIC!
SAY WHAT? OJAMA WHO?
AM I GOING
TOO FAST, REGGIE?
LET ME DUMB THINGS
DOWN FOR YA!
OJAMAGIC!
IT ADDS THESE THREE
CARDS TO MY HAND!
WHERE
THE PARTY AT?
CAN I ATTACK BOSS?
CAN I, PLEASE?
I DON'T GET IT!
WHY WOULD YOU PLAY
THREE TOTAL WIMPS?
THIS IS WHY!
NEVER UNDERESTIMATE
THE POWER OF THE CHAZZ!
NOW, READ IT AND WEEP!
OJAMA RIDE!
I'M GUESSING BY
THE STUNNED LOOK
ON YOUR FACE
THAT YOU KNOW
WHAT HAPPENS NEXT.
I CAN SUMMON
THREE POWERFUL
MACHINE MONSTERS
TO THE FIELD AS LONG
AS I SCRAP
THESE THREE
LITTLE FREAKS!
All: SAY IT AIN'T SO!
WHOA!
WHO'S THE SLACKER
NOW, REGGIE?
HERE'S A HINT.
HE'S A PREP-SCHOOL
PIPSQUEAK.
AND HE'S IN WAY OVER
HIS DORKY HAIRCUT!
IS IT YOU?
NO! IT'S YOU!
OH, JUST WATCH.
I PLAY Y-DRAGON HEAD
AND Z-METAL TANK!
AND THAT MEANS
I CAN COMBINE
X, Y, AND Z
TO FORM XYZ-DRAGON
CANNON!
THIS IS BAD!
PERCEPTIVE.
AND IT'S GONNA GET
WORSE WHEN I ACTIVATE
ITS SPECIAL ABILITY!
BY PUTTING TWO CARDS
IN MY GRAVEYARD,
I INSTANTLY SEND
BOTH OF YOUR
MONSTERS PACKING!
OH, WELL. THERE
GOES YOUR DEFENSE.
DRAGON CANNON,
DIRECT ATTACK!
STILL THINK YOU
HAVE A SHOT?
YOU'RE GONNA BE SORRY
YOU DID THAT TO ME,
BECAUSE THANKS
TO MY JEWEL SWORD,
I GET TO DRAW ONE
CARD FROM MY DECK!
YOU'VE GOT ME SHAKING
IN MY BOOTS.
THIS OBNOXIOUS
RICH KID ISN'T HALF BAD.
YOU SOUND
SURPRISED,
BONAPARTE.
YOU SHOULD
REALLY HAVE MORE
FAITH IN ME.
THERE'S A REASON
THEY PROMOTED ME
TO CHANCELLOR.
YEAH. 'CAUSE EVERYONE
ELSE TURNED THE JOB DOWN.
Crowler, thinking:
I'LL HAVE
THE LAST LAUGH.
LET ME SHOW YA HOW
IT'S DONE.
I ACTIVATE A PERSONAL
FAVORITE OF MINE
CALLED POT OF GREED!
[CHUCKLING]
SORRY. NOW I PICK
UP TWO MORE CARDS!
STALLING FOR TIME
WON'T WORK, KID!
DOES THIS LOOK LIKE
STALLING TO YOU?
I REVEAL CALL OF
THE HAUNTED,
WHICH BRINGS A MONSTER
BACK FROM MY GRAVEYARD!
AND I CHOOSE
WARRIOR LADY
OF THE WASTELAND!
AND NOW, SINCE I'M
THE KIND OF GUY WHO LIKES TO
TAKE CARE OF HIS PEEPS,
I'M GIVING HER
A SHINY NEW
GREAT SWORD
AND A FEW
MORE POINTS.
WELL, THAT
WAS POINTLESS.
IT'S SIMPLE MATH!
YOU ONLY RAISED
HER BY 300.
SHE STILL DOESN'T
COME CLOSE TO MY
DRAGON CANNON!
THAT'S EXACTLY WHY I
PLAN TO SACRIFICE HER,
SO I CAN PLAY...
A LITTLE CARD CALLED
GILFORD THE LEGEND!
YOU'RE KIDDING!
DOES THIS LOOK
LIKE A JOKE?
[YELLS]
Jaden: WHAT
A SWEET MOVE!
YEAH, THIS FRESHMAN
REALLY KNOWS HIS STUFF.
AND WITH THAT NASTY 'TUDE,
HE'S LIKE A MINI-CHAZZ.
EW.
NOW, THAT'S
A SCARY THOUGHT.
CHECK THIS OUT!
IT'S TIME FOR GILFORD
TO REALLY STRUT HIS STUFF!
THANKS TO HIS SPECIAL
ABILITY, HE GETS
EXCLUSIVE ACCESS
TO EVERY EQUIP SPELL
CARD IN MY GRAVEYARD...
GIVING GILFORD
HIS VERY OWN DIVINE
SWORD PHOENIX BLADE!
OH, YEAH,
AND HE GETS
A JEWEL SWORD!
AND TO THAT I'LL
ADD A GREAT SWORD,
GIVING GILFORD A TOTAL
OF 3,500 POINTS!
HOW DO YA LIKE
MY MATH NOW?
WELL, THERE'S MORE!
I PLAY MY FLAMBERGE
SPELL CARD.
NOW ALL I HAVE TO DO
IS SEND ONE CARD
TO THE GRAVEYARD
AND GILFORD GETS
EVEN STRONGER!
THAT SWORD
NEEDS ITS OWN
ZIP CODE!
I KNOW! GET A LOAD OF CHAZZ!
HE'S BUGGIN' OUT!
Syrus: A 22-FOOT
FLAMING SWORD WILL
DO THAT TO A GUY!
IF YOU THINK
THIS SWORD LOOKS SCARY,
WATCH WHAT IT CAN DO!
HERE WE GO!
YOU'RE DEFENSELESS!
[CHUCKLING]
YOU'D LIKE
TO THINK SO,
BUT THE CHAZZ
ALWAYS HAS A PLAN.
SO I PLAY THIS!
ANYTHING LOOK
FAMILIAR?
I HAVE A POT OF
GREED ALSO,
AND IT LETS ME DRAW
TWO CARDS.
WELL,
WHAT DO YA KNOW?
IT'S OJAMANDALA!
DON'T EVEN TELL ME!
I GIVE UP
A THOUSAND POINTS TO
BRING BACK YOU KNOW WHO!
IT'S GOOD TO
BE BACK, FOLKS!
THESE THREE MISFITS
MAY NOT LOOK LIKE MUCH,
BUT THEY'RE ABOUT
TO TAKE YOU DOWN!
WITH WHAT?
RELAX. YOU'LL SEE.
HUH? YOU'RE BLUFFING!
TIME TO ROUGH HIM
UP, BOYS.
NOW GO!
SURE, BOSS!
LET'S SHAKE...
RATTLE...
AND ROLL!
Ojama yellow:
OJAMA-STYLE!
HEE HEE!
NYAH NYAH NYAH
NYAH NYAH!
NOW, TAKE HIM
FOR A SPIN, BOYS!
THE STRONGEST
MONSTER IN MY DECK
DESTROYED BY DWEEBS
IN UNDIES.
THEY MAY SEEM LIKE
A BUNCH OF WIMPS,
BUT THESE THREE
MUTANTS CAN BE
PRETTY VICIOUS,
ESPECIALLY WHEN
THEY'RE USED
WITH OJAMA DELTA HURRICANE!
OH, YEAH, WELL,
YOU ACTIVATED THE SPECIAL
EFFECT OF MY JEWEL SWORD,
SO NOW I GET TO DRAW
ONE CARD FROM MY DECK.
I'LL LAY THIS FACEDOWN
AND PUT YOU OUT
OF YOUR MISERY.
WAIT. LET ME GUESS.
THAT'S ANOTHER LAME
OJAMA CARD, RIGHT?
WHY DO YA SAY THAT?
OH, I DON'T KNOW.
MAYBE BECAUSE YOU
BUILT YOUR ENTIRE DECK
AROUND
THE THREE STOOGES!
I'VE HAD IT! THOSE
FREAKS MADE A FOOL OUT
OF ME FOR THE LAST TIME!
YOU'RE RIGHT, KID.
WHY LET THEM MAKE
A FOOL OUT OF YOU
WHEN YOU DO
SUCH A GREAT JOB
MAKING A FOOL
OUT OF YOURSELF?
WHATEVER. YOU'RE
A SECOND-RATE DUELIST
WITH A THIRD-RATE DECK.
NOW WATCH AND LEARN!
YA SEE THIS? IT'S
CALLED A REAL CARD!
AND ONCE I PAY 800 POINTS,
A MONSTER COMES BACK
FROM MY GRAVE!
AND I CHOOSE
MY ARMED SAMURAI BEN KEI!
[YELLS]
BUT WAIT!
I'M NOT DONE!
NEXT I'LL REMOVE TWO
WARRIORS FROM THE GAME!
AND IT'S ALL THANKS
TO THE SPECIAL ABILITY
OF MY DIVINE SWORD
PHOENIX BLADE SPELL CARD!
NOW THERE'S ONE
THING LEFT TA DO!
READY?
I TAKE LIGHTNING BLADE
AND DIVINE SWORD
AND GIVE 'EM
TO SAMURAI BEN KEI!
NOW ATTACK! DESTROY
THAT YELLOW PIPSQUEAK!
[YELLS]
AAH!
YOU'RE NOT IN
THE CLEAR YET, NOT
BY A LONG SHOT, CHAZZ!
MY SAMURAI GETS
AN EXTRA ATTACK FOR EVERY
CARD HE'S EQUIPPED WITH!
WHAT?
DO THE MATH. REGGIE
GETS THREE MORE ATTACKS.
AND CHAZZ HAS
ONLY TWO MONSTERS.
NO, SERIOUSLY.
DO THE MATH FOR ME.
ONE...
TWO!
AAH!
Chazz, thinking:
DECISION TIME. IF I
ACTIVATE MY TRAP CARD NOW,
I'LL BLOCK
HIS DIRECT ATTACK.
BUT I'LL ALSO LOSE
ONE OF MY OJAMAS.
OH, WELL. NO PAIN, NO GAIN.
STRIKE THREE.
YOU'RE OUT.
AW. WHAT'S WRONG? YOU
MISS YOUR LITTLE FRIENDS--
LOOGEY, MUCUS
AND SNOT-BALL?
THEY'RE NOT
MY FRIENDS!
BUT I'LL BRING
'EM BACK ANYWAY!
HUH? WHAT?
MY OJAMA DELTA
WEAR CARD
AUTOMATICALLY RETURNS
THE GRUESOME THREESOME
TO THE FIELD!
I BET
YA MISSED US!
I THINK
I'M GETTING
VERKLEMPT!
HE LIKES US!
HE REALLY LIKES US!
OH, HAPPY DAY!
AHH, TEAM PATHETIC
IS REUNITED.
AND GUESS WHO THE BIGGEST
LOSER OF THEM ALL IS?
I'M SURE YOU'RE
ABOUT TO TELL ME.
IT'S YOU!
AND YOU'LL NEVER BE
A BLUE AGAIN!
HOW'S IT FEEL TO BE
A SLIFER "LIFER?"
YA KNOW, I USED TO
BE JUST LIKE YOU--
AN ELITIST SNOB
WHO LOOKED DOWN ON
EVERYONE AROUND ME!
BUT I'VE CHANGED!
KNOW HOW?
NOW I'M A SNOB
WHO ONLY LOOKS DOWN
ON SOME PEOPLE.
ANYWAY THERE'S
A LESSON IN THERE.
I'M JUST NOT SURE WHERE.
NOW I MERGE
MY OJAMAS TOGETHER
TO FORM OJAMA KING!
[IMITATING ELVIS PRESLEY]
THANK YOU.
THANK YOU VERY MUCH.
DUDE, YOUR KING
HAS NO POINTS!
GEE, THANKS.
IT'S A GOOD THING HE WON'T
BE AROUND MUCH LONGER,
'CAUSE I'M
ACTIVATING THIS!
MECHA OJAMA
KING TRANSFORMATION!
BUT THAT DOESN'T
MAKE ANY--
YEAH, I KNOW.
YOU'RE WONDERING
WHY MY MECHA OJAMA KING
DOESN'T HAVE ANY
ATTACK POINTS EITHER.
HA HA!
WHAT HE DOES HAVE IS
A HANDY SPECIAL ABILITY
THAT LETS ME SUMMON
ONE OJAMACHINE
WITH EACH TURN!
SO I PLAY...
OJAMACHINE
YELLOW!
DID I MENTION
THIS LITTLE GEEK-BOT
HAS A COOL
PARTY TRICK
OF HIS OWN?
NOW, LISTEN UP,
LITTLE DUDES.
HOP TO IT!
ATTACK!
[ALL CHUCKLING]
THIS IS INSANE!
MY SAMURAI HAS
1,600 POINTS!
YOUR TOADS HAVE ZERO!
YES, I WIN! HUH?
ACTUALLY, IT'S THE OPPOSITE.
WHEN MY OJAMACHINE YELLOW
IS DESTROYED,
MY POINTS DON'T CHANGE.
BUT I CAN'T SAY
THE SAME FOR YOURS,
'CAUSE YOU'RE ABOUT TO TAKE
300 POINTS OF DAMAGE!
THAT MEANS...
SPIT IT OUT, REGGIE.
IT MEANS ONE MORE
ATTACK AND YOU LOSE!
WELCOME TO DUEL
ACADEMY, FRESHMAN.
GET HIM, BOYS!
[ALL LAUGHING]
[YELLING]
AAH!
Chazz: IT LOOKS LIKE
SLUMMIN' IT
WITH THE SLIFERS
HASN'T HURT MY GAME.
MAYBE NOW YOU'LL
SEE THAT THE COLOR
OF YOUR COAT
DOESN'T MEAN SQUAT,
'CAUSE AN OBELISK BLUE,
WHO'S SUPPOSED TO BE
THE BEST OF THE BEST,
JUST GOT SCHOOLED
BY A SLIFER RED!
FACE IT, KID,
WHETHER WE'RE
WEARING BLUE, YELLOW,
RED OR POLKA DOTS...
YOU'LL ALWAYS BE
THE SAME LOSER AND I'LL
ALWAYS BE THE CHAZZ!
All: CHAZZ IT UP!
CHAZZ IT UP!
THE CHAZZ HAS SPOKEN!
[CROWD CHEERS]
WAY TA WIN ONE
FOR THE REDS!
I ALWAYS KNEW
YOU WERE ONE
OF US! COME HERE.
BACK OFF!
I NEVER SAID THAT!
THREE BIG SLIFER
CHEERS FOR THE CHAZZ!
SLIFER! SLIFER...
Chazz: DROP ME, YOU
DORKS! I'M NOT ONE OF YOU!
DIDN'T SEE
THIS COMING.
BUT IF HE WANTS
TO BE A SLACKER, WHO
AM I TO STOP HIM?
SLIFER!
WOO-HOO!
ATTENTION, PLEASE!
THERE'S BEEN
A CHANGE OF PLANS.
CHAZZ PRINCETON SHALL
REMAIN IN SLIFER RED!
CHAZZ IT UP!
BUT I DON'T WANT--
THERE'S NEED
TO THANK ME.
I'M JUST DOING MY JOB.
AT THIS RATE,
IT WON'T BE YOUR JOB
FOR VERY MUCH LONGER.
CHAZZ IT UP!
CHAZZ IT UP...
WILL YOU ALL SHUT UP!
Jaden: HEY, CHAZZ. NOW THAT
YOU'RE OUR TEAM MASCOT,
WE'VE GOT A TON
OF STUFF TA DO:
FIT YOU FOR
A RED JACKET, TEACH YOU
THE SECRET HANDSHAKE...
Crowler: BUT THIS MAKES
AN EVEN BETTER
STORY FOR THE PRESS.
FORGET ABOUT
THE PRESS!
IF YOU WANT
THIS SCHOOL TO RISE
TO GREATNESS,
THERE NEEDS TO BE
SOME CHANGES MADE!
I TOLD YOU BEFORE,
WE NEED TO BID
THE SLIFERS ADIEU!
YOU WERE SERIOUS?
I DON'T KID,
CROWLER.
IT'S HIGH TIME
WE TEAR DOWN
THE SLIFER DORM!
TEAR DOWN
THE SLIFER DORM?!
Jaden: WHAT?
DID YOU JUST SAY "TEAR
DOWN THE SLIFER DORM?"
ARE YOU POSITIVE?
THEY WANNA GET
RID OF US.
I'M TELLIN' YA,
I SAW THIS IN
A MOVIE ONCE.
THESE GUYS
IN DARK SUITS
SHOW UP.
THEN THEY TELL US
WE'RE GONNA "SLEEP
WITH THE FISHES,"
AND NO ONE HEARS
FROM US AGAIN!
AAH!
OH, NO! WE'RE TOO LATE!
YOU'RE RIGHT!
THAT MEANS WE'RE ALL
GONNA GET WHACKED!
IT WON'T BE LONG NOW.
Jaden: RUN, CHAZZ!
Syrus: THEY'RE HERE!
WHAT ARE YOU
DORKS TALKING ABOUT?
THESE GUYS ARE
BUILDING A PRIVATE
ROOM ONTO THIS DUMP!
I FIGURE IF I'M
GONNA BE STUCK
IN THIS PLACE,
I MAY AS WELL BE
LIVING IN STYLE.
SO MUCH FOR YOUR THEORY.
I GUESS I GOT
A LITTLE
CARRIED AWAY.
SORRY FOR THE SCARE.
I THINK I SHOULD LAY
OFF THE LATE-NIGHT
MOVIES FOR A WHILE.
Jaden, thinking:
BUT I WONDER IF WHAT
SYRUS OVERHEARD IS TRUE.
DO THEY REALLY WANNA
TEAR DOWN OUR DORM?
♪ CHILLING
OUT WITH YOUR CREW
IN THE SCHOOLYARD ♪
♪ FINDING TROUBLE,
NEVER LOOKING
TOO HARD ♪
♪ WELL, BACK AT
CLASS, THEY NEVER
TAUGHT US THIS ♪
♪ SOME THINGS
YOU GOTTA LEARN
HIT OR MISS ♪
♪ TOUGH TIMES,
HARD CLIMBS ♪
♪ WE'LL TAKE 'EM
ON TOGETHER ♪
♪ RIGHT NOW ♪
♪ LET'S GO ♪
♪ YU-GI-OH GX ♪
♪ GAME ON, GET YOUR
GAME ON ♪
♪ COME ON ♪
♪ COME ON AND GET ♪
♪ YOUR GAME ON ♪